darshan_logs/hdf5_diagonal_write_only/README.md, before:

Set of example darshan logs that contain `H5D` and/or `H5F` module data
to allow for "ground truth" verification for various data aggregation
functions in the new Python summary report.

The example application code used to generate these logs along with
some of the execution details are available here:
https://github.com/nawtrey/darshan_hdf5_testing

A brief summary of each log's contents:

| Log                                   | Modules                            | Description                                      |
|---------------------------------------|------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------|
| `hdf5_file_opens_only`                | `POSIX`, `H5F`                     | 3 ranks open files                               |
| `hdf5_diagonal_write_1_byte_dxt`      | `POSIX`, `DXT_POSIX`, `H5F`, `H5D` | 10 ranks open files, write 1 byte each           |
| `hdf5_diagonal_write_bytes_range_dxt` | `POSIX`, `DXT_POSIX`, `H5F`, `H5D` | 10 ranks open files, write 10-100 bytes each     |
| `hdf5_diagonal_write_half_flush_dxt`  | `POSIX`, `DXT_POSIX`, `H5F`, `H5D` | 10 ranks open files, write 1 byte, 5 ranks flush |
| `hdf5_diagonal_write_half_ranks_dxt`  | `POSIX`, `DXT_POSIX`, `H5F`, `H5D` | 10 ranks open files, 5 ranks write 1 byte        |


These were created on a single node of the LANL snow supercomputer. The
commit hash of the darshan main branch used to build `darshan-runtime`
is `c805d948`, and it was compiled with the `HEATMAP` module disabled.

Commit message:

DOC: PR 29 revisions
* Add comment explaining the `h5py` library was used to
generate the HDF5 logs, with an HDF5 configuration that
didn't use MPI-IO

darshan_logs/hdf5_diagonal_write_only/README.md, after:

Set of example darshan logs that contain `H5D` and/or `H5F` module data
to allow for "ground truth" verification for various data aggregation
functions in the new Python summary report.

The logs were generated using the Python `h5py` library with an HDF5
configuration that was not using MPI-IO. The example application code
used to generate these logs along with some of the execution details
are available here: https://github.com/nawtrey/darshan_hdf5_testing

A brief summary of each log's contents:

| Log                                   | Modules                            | Description                                      |
|---------------------------------------|------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------|
| `hdf5_file_opens_only`                | `POSIX`, `H5F`                     | 3 ranks open files                               |
| `hdf5_diagonal_write_1_byte_dxt`      | `POSIX`, `DXT_POSIX`, `H5F`, `H5D` | 10 ranks open files, write 1 byte each           |
| `hdf5_diagonal_write_bytes_range_dxt` | `POSIX`, `DXT_POSIX`, `H5F`, `H5D` | 10 ranks open files, write 10-100 bytes each     |
| `hdf5_diagonal_write_half_flush_dxt`  | `POSIX`, `DXT_POSIX`, `H5F`, `H5D` | 10 ranks open files, write 1 byte, 5 ranks flush |
| `hdf5_diagonal_write_half_ranks_dxt`  | `POSIX`, `DXT_POSIX`, `H5F`, `H5D` | 10 ranks open files, 5 ranks write 1 byte        |


These were created on a single node of the LANL snow supercomputer. The
commit hash of the darshan main branch used to build `darshan-runtime`
is `c805d948`, and it was compiled with the `HEATMAP` module disabled.
